[Catch the Wind]
[Lyricist - Zhao Tao] [Composer - Zhao Tao/ Daryl K]
♫ Close your eyes. I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
♫ You fell into my colorful dream from last night ♫
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ Just want to wait until the rain falls first, slowly making your hair wet ♫
♫ I seem to have used some kind of magic ♫
♫ Even a frozen river can melt ♫
♫ Is it like Zhuang Zhou's dream of becoming a butterfly? ♫
♫ You are a blessing and a blight ♫
♫ Then just accept it, accompanying you in a peaceful and clear night ♫
♫ Listening to the temple's monk ringing the bell ♫
♫ Laying at the  Mount Nan loft relaxing ♫
♫ For you I hid my tears ♫
♫ Abandoned worldly affairs. I will find you no matter the time and place ♫
♫ It's you for the rest of my life. I want to be closer to you ♫
♫ Meeting you in the mortal world ♫
♫Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
[Love Is All]
[Teacher: Take Care of Yourself]
[Episode 24]
[Tan Lingyin wisely battles with Jiang Muchun - Zheng Shaofeng waits for Ruyi like an idiot.]
They won't even investigate, and they will carry out the execution?
Let go, let go.
Ruyi.
Zong Yinglin died.
Died?
How did he die?
He was assassinated.
Killed by a single strike of a sword.
Ruyi. Ruyi, don't cry.
Sorry, I'm wrong.
It was so sudden. I wasn't able to get the truth of what happened from Master Tang.
So I made my own conclusion based on the evidence.
Advisor Tan already told me who the real culprit is yesterday,
but I didn't know what to say.
Ruyi.
You...
won't forgive me, right?
That's right.
Anyone would suspect that I did it.
Head constable Zheng.
Can I go now?
You can.
- You're free.
- Free?
Since my birth.
In my daily life, in my life,
It's all Lord Zong.
It's true that he has exploited me before.
But he was still worried about me before he left.
He said he'll take me.
He'll take me to start a new life.
I treated him as if he was actually my dad.
-He is not your family.
-He isn't and neither are you.
Ruyi, Ruyi.
I know that I'm wrong.
Can you hate me for this?
I don't hate you.
You don't deserve my forgiveness either.
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
Why are you going? To get revenge for Zong Yinglin?
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫
Miss Jiang.
Please come in.
-What's wrong?
-Lord Zong
is dead.
This.
This is...Zheng Shaofeng's jade pendant.
Lord Tang is really evil.
Sir Zong obviously already intended to seek shelter from him.
But in spite of everything he tried to murder him.
I must
get revenge.
I knew that this would be a problem.
Advisor, do you think Master is really going to die soon?
Are you stupid?
Didn't you hear the doctor? Although there isn't a lot of ginseng and goji here
and will raise the fever, but it won't kill the person.
We just have to make the medicine correctly.
Don't cry, okay? You can't cry either when you go back.
Remember, the person who came with you
to get medicine is Xiang Gua not me.
When you go back to change the medicine you must avoid Jiang Muchun. Make sure Master drinks the medicine.
Advisor, why don't you go back with me?
With you here, we'll be not as worried.
Xiao Feilong. Xiao Feilong, where did you go?
You still seem quite lively.
How is Tan Lingyin?
She's already eager to give it a try.
Climbing walls and trees. I've already caught her several times now.
But she's still calm at the moment. She hasn't done anything rash to Jiang Muchun.
You have to take care of Duan Feng.
But how long must we do this for?
When do you plan to make a move?
Jiang Muchun is afraid of me making a move.
She already planned all this before she came to Tongling.
And from Zong Yinglin's perspective, everything is his now.
All the people in the County Office are his. We can only
follow what we wants.
- Still Zong Yinglin?
Zong Yinglin is already dead.
Then what about Zhou Zhengdao?
You already knew about this?
Okay, he is one of your people.
As long as you deal with it appropriately, I will pretend I don't know.
[Be of good virtue and diligent]
Wait.
Why are you wearing a face veil?
Did you catch an infectious disease?
To reply to Miss Jiang, Xiang Gua was bitten by an insect recently on her hand.
And was bitten on the face, she even broke the skin on her hand from scratching it.
-So that's why she's wearing a face veil. Right, Xi Hulu?
-Yes.
If this is the case, why are you in such a rush to serve?
Go rest.
Xiang Gua, get me a blanket.
Sir. I miss you.
I originally wanted to wait for you. But...
I can't wait anymore.
I'm scared you-
I'm scared.
What are you scared of?
You know it's me?
Of course.
If I wasn't the one who called you in.
You would have been caught by Jiang Muchun.
Your head is so acute. I can tell straightaway that you're pretending to be ill.
Who can stop Zheng Shaofeng's skill?
And send me medicine at night.
If you are better than why are you lying down?
There is movement.
-Why are you here again?
-I forgot to take the medicine.
Oh.
What's wrong with your blanket?
I just saw it move.
Your-
I'm sorry for interrupting.
It's not like that.
Yes.
It's okay. It's okay, I understand this type of situation the best.
You guys can continue. I have something else to do so I will leave first.
No... I thought you were Jiang Muchun.
Why are you here before the food has been served?
I wanted to say that the guards at the door have already been changed even though it's not 9:00pm yet.
I wanted to use this chance to get Advisor Tan to come and visit you.
But seeing this, I guess it's not needed.
That's good. I'll come visit you often.
When you came in before, did anyone stop you?
There was but you called me in.
She is not that easy to trick.
I understand. If she kills me then she will never find the gold.
But by keeping me in this room,
I will keep my mouth shut forever.
She has acted for too long
and she can't wait any longer.
Then are you saying...
She has purposely let us in?
It's getting late. How about...
Oh! I have something to do! You guys continue, I won't bother you guys. I will leave first.
Who is going to continue? I'm going to leave too.
Phoenix Village
What's wrong with you guys?
A lot of brothers have died.
Right now, nowhere outside is as safe as the fortified village.
How do they look like? Did you see them?
How can we see it clearly?
Coming back alive was hard enough.
That's right. They were really mean.
Their swords moved really fast.
They cut our swords in half.
Boss. What are you thinking of?
I must contact the people at the bottom of the mountain.
Go quickly. Get Xiao Bai to come here.
Forget it, Big Brother.
[Be of good virtue and diligent]
Lord, this is the pigeon soup that I just made.
Try it while it's hot.
Thank you Miss Jiang.
I am not in the mood to drink it. I will try it later.
Okay. Then...
I will put on some medicine for you.
Wait!
Master and I haven't seen each other for a long time. I've longed for this moment.
Today, I really can't stop myself.
Miss Jiang, please forgive me.
Coming into Lord Tang's room,
is a violation of the imperial edict.
I see he's already better.
Don't you dare be lazy. You still have to go back to the county office to work on cases.
Yes, yes, yes. This is reasonable.
Official work is important.
Has the map of Mount Tianmu been drawn?
Not yet. Without advisor,
How could he be in the mood to handle a case?
The suspicions regarding the Advisor still haven't been cleared.
You know it best.
Zheng Shaofeng, pay attention to appropriate behaviour.
Miss Jiang, it's like this.
If there is no Advisor Tan,
even if we got the map
we can't find the gold.
That's right. Only the bandit knows about the map.
But the bandit only believes our Advisor.
So we can only thank you for your trouble, Miss Jiang.
Okay. I will have someone
bring Advisor Tan back.
But Lord, the gold case is important
however, your health is also important.
Don't feel when the time comes that the gold cannot be found and the person is gone
That the gains really do not make up for the losses.
What Miss Jiang is trying to say.
I can still tell the difference between money and health.
I will make sure that your wish is fulfilled.
[Tongling County Office]
Look at what the crazy woman did. Our county office is so quiet.
Where did everyone go? Why is there no one?
Your Miss Jiang said Advisor Tan wanted to kill you.
Xiaoliu and Dawang were so mad that
they took off their Constable uniform and went to struggle with Advisor.
What about Zhou Zhengdao?
She left.
Where did she go?
I ask everytime.
Your way of apologizing is giving her freedom?
Don't you think this is very generous?
And...and..a little bit weighed down with sorrow.
Even though she takes orders from Zong Yinglin,
But she has repeatedly helped us with the strength of one arm. What does this mean?
it means she has a good heart.
Butt you treated her like that. If it was me
I would have killed you.
-You don't blame her?
-Of course I don't.
I would blame it on you being able to get her to come back
but not capable of keeping her here.
Then I will go find her.
Wait.
Zong Yinglin's death is a big hit on her.
I personally think the best way to repay her
is to find the real culprit.
That makes sense.
Miss Jiang.
Take this.
Cong Shun take this letter
Arrange for someone to send to to my Father as quickly as possible.
Make him act quickly and send someone to help me.
Miss Jiang, you are going-
I am determined to win the gold.
- But—
- Cong Shun, Master Zong's death was miserable.
No one paid their last respects. He raised you for 20 years.
Don't you want to personally get revenge for him?
But...But Ruyi...Did Ruyi really defect to the the other side?
Was she tricked by them?
No matter if she was tricked,
things are already like this.
Even if Sir Zong is dead and cannot come back to life,
But you are different.
You can fulfil his unfulfilled ambition for him.
This subordinate is determined to obtain blood vengeance for my adoptive father.
That's right. That group of bandits on Phoenix Mountain aren't very useful.
In order to avoid allowing them to gossip and cause trouble,
Send Anwei to cut the weeds and eliminate the roots as quickly as possible.
It's already being taken care of. Don't worry.
Is it pretty?
This place is really nice.
Of course. Let me tell you. In the future, there will be even better ones.
You guys have to continue to come!
-Really?
-Really.
-That's great!
Brother, I am here!
We're closing up now.
My creditor is here. To prevent harm to innocent people.
-Quickly go, go.
-Let's go.
What are you doing? How did you come here?
I walked here. Did you miss me?
You walked here? Are you even allowed to be outside?
Hurry!
Let's go.
Duan Feng! Are you silly?
You've been given freedom for a few days and you really   do not consider yourself a bandit.
If you get caught, I have to use time to save you.
You care about me.
How about, let's not be brothers.
- Then go die.
- Alright, alright, alright.
Oh yeah. Did you see Xiao Bai?
That big fat pigeon?
No.
That's weird.
Xiao Bai went to the County Office yesterday and still hasn't come back.
Maybe he was kidnapped by a female pigeon on the way?
How is that weird?
That's true.
Then I have to tell you myself.
What happened?
The brothers of the village were recently killed in succession.
I have my suspicions that it is the doings of that group of assassins from before on Tianmu Mountain.
That group appears and disappears like ghosts and is matchless in their savagery.
Even my brothers that had drifted away and were innocent died violent deaths.
Linying, I think you need leave here earlier.
The village does not seem safe.
Should I tell Lord Tang to send people to protect you guys?
You want County Officers to protect Bandits?
Is it that you look down upon our village or that you look down upon those in the county office?
Having good intentions does not result in any reward.
I'm worried about you.
The gold case is not that simple. The master mind
will do anything to get the gold.
For your safety, you have to leave here.
I can't leave Lord Tang here alone.
He is a big man, he can take care of himself.
No.
No matter how dangerous the path is, I have to be with him.
How come you can't tell what's good for yourself?
This who left whom and then not being able to live won't do. Surviving is what's important!
No. I want Lord Tang.
We were brothers for a period. I, Duan Feng, will risk my life to accompany you of noble character.
I will protect you.
Duan Feng, I chose the right brother.
In any case, the  gold we stole has almost all be spent now.
So the gold in the county was really spent by you?
Or else? Hold the gold and silver in our hands?
Not spending it would be a waste. Do you take me for a fool? Otherwise, who did you think it was?
-We thought-
-Is there anyone up there?
Hurry and go back to Mount Tianmu. Don't let anyone know that you came here today.
Hurry and go.
♫  There's no wind, there's no love. There's no sense of loss ♫
♫ There's no you, there's no pain. ♫
♫ Can't hear the uneasiness in my heart, but I don't feel regret either.♫
♫ There's no lamp, there's no sound. Don't feel out of place. ♫
♫ There's no one reciting old monologues in my mind ♫
♫ And forcing me to cry out loud ♫
♫ Sitting there zoning out ♫ ♫ I feel stuck. I just can't let go ♫
Shaofeng!
♫ Maybe I shouldn't have ♫
♫ I didn't foresee this surprise ♫
♫ I thought there's still love between us ♫
♫ And just let you do whatever you wanted ♫
♫ I lowered my expectations of happiness♫
♫ Do I still love? Is love still there? ♫
♫ The answers keep changing ♫
♫ Illusions from the tears kept me ♫
♫ from letting go ♫
♫ I wrestled with these tangled thoughts ♫
♫ Always end up with confused and wrong answers ♫
♫ The verdict never comes ♫
Time to eat!
Look at the oil all over your mouth,
Hold this.
I was seen when I came in, but no one stopped me.
That's of course, I asked Jiang Muchun to get you.
What? You sold yourself?
I didn't sell myself.
I just told her that I would find the gold.
It would be better to sell yourself.
Really?
I will look for her tonight and tell her.
When I went to Miaosheng House earlier,
there were barely anyone.
It doesn't have the bustling sights as before. I'm a bit at loss.
Do you miss Zhu Dacong?
Are you jealous?
No.
I just think you won't have this chance anymore.
Really?
When I find the gold,
I will propose to you.
What does it have to do with me?
Tan Lingyin, only by taking the risk of offending influential officials and being driven out of my home by my parents
Could I accomplish all of these things.
Don't worry. Even if you can't be an official or make money,
There's still me, I can raise you.
You raise me?
Then what are we eating?
Those delicacies from the land and sea, abalone and sea cucumber.
You can forget about the famous and rare things. But there will be vegetables and porridge.
Also roast chicken!
I think we should find the gold sooner.
Recently my mood isn't that good.
Thinking of ways to find some joy.
You can reduce your sorrow.
Only if...I hug you.
Enough you two.
Come in.
The future is long and you'll have plenty of time for murmuring endearments.
We still have serious matters to attend to. Is there any progress on the situation with Mount Tianmu?
Look here.
Last time I went to Mount Tianmu I found an unusual  small river that had dried up.
It should be here.
Sang Jie secretly mined gold last winter, which is the dry season.
If he hid the gold in the river then,
when it got to high water levels, that would be in spring or autumn,
the water would have submerged all of the gold.
No wonder, I searched all of Mount Tianmu and couldn't find a gap.
So it was here. I'll go take a look.
You should go tomorrow.
It was raining, so it must be slippery.
It's not safe to go at night.
Don't worry Advisor.
I, the constable, have exceptional skills.
Then what about Jiang Muchun?
Do we just ignore her wobbling around in the county office?
We can't touch her for now.
You still want to fight?
Okay.
Okay?
Advisor you aren't mad? Are you sick?
The offense that I should have taken, I've already taken. And the anger that I should have had, I have had.
I believe Sir has his own plan.
He won't allow me to be sad.
Sang Jie, this old thief,
Where did he hide the gold?
I'm so tired.
I don't know where Miss Ruyi is right now.
I can't.
Zheng Shaofeng! Are you okay?
-Ruyi!
- Be careful.
Slowly!
Follow me.
Look at you, how can you not be careful.
When the rain stops I will leave.
Don't worry. I won't appear in front of you again.
You..Before
did you follow me?
I originally wanted to avoid the problem by walking away.
But Lingyin told me I should tell you.
Ruyi. I miss you.
Before it was all my fault.
I misunderstood you.
So I didn't know what to say.
I really miss you.
Before, I was the one who kept chasing after you.
But...But that time
I said things about breaking off relations.
I'm scared.I'm really scared that from now on,
we won't have a chance.
Linying was right.
You are an idiot.
If I didn't say anything, you wouldn't have asked?
I recently have been thinking,
am I holding you back?
But, if I don't hold you back then someone else would.
I am not resigned to it.
It's better if I do it.
Then?
Then...
Then I really want you to stay behind.
I... I'm really scared.
I'm scared to hear your answer.
You're not as free and at ease as before.
Ruyi.
Can you please stay here with me?
I will take care of you, Ruyi!
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
Your staying?
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song, a good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon?  ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
Ruyi.
Ruyi!
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
[I'm sorry.]
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫
[Tongling County Office]
Hey, hey.
What are you looking at? Has the medicine for today been prepared?
Isn't Advisor back?
Then why do we need medicine?
Sir asked me to stay here
and secretly watch that person.
Is there anyone that watches like you do?
I'm afraid that others wouldn't be able to tell that you're tailing someone.
I haven't done it before.
I don't have experience.
They are inside, you are outside.
You wouldn't know if someone ran away. You are really stupid.
It's been a waste for you to follow Sir for so long. You haven't made any progress at all.
Miss Jiang.
Xue Li and I made food,
the chefs all went home.
If you're not used to eating this
When we go back to the Capital, we'll have a large kitchen.
Xiang Gua.
I came to Tongling. I didn't know the place or anyone here.
I don't have any friends.
I only see you as my family.
I thought we really could be a family.
But I never thought Sir's heart was already accounted for.
It's not the two of us.
I still have a lot of good stuff here.
But I don't have a reason to stay at Tongling.
I will leave it all for you.
Bring over the new clothes I bought.
Yes, Miss.
Look at them.
Miss Jiang, these are all too expensive.
I am just a servant. I'm not worthy of these things.
I also can't bring them with me.
I can't just throw them away.
Also, I am privately giving these to you.
I don't have any other intentions.
Look, Suzhou embroidered skirt paired with a lily magnolia hairpin.
You can't beat a better pairing that this.
This... Is this really for me?
Of course. You're pretty, you should wear better clothes.
But I have to do chores,
so I won't be able to wear this.
Xiang Gua, you really like the Lord. Right?
Here, there is nothing to hide.
Actually, it's normal for men to have multiple wives and concubines.
Rather than welcoming the Advisor as she enters the mansion as a concubine,
I am more willing
to become sisters with you.
But, the Lord has said
he only loves the Advisor and will only marry her.
But your appearance isn't lacking to hers.
Also, you were the first one to like the Lord.
Everything must take into consideration that first comes, first served.
Right?
If you are willing, I can help you get rid of
the annoying person.
Okay? Sister?
Try it later.
Okay.
-Miss Jiang, I'm going to go first then.
-Okay.
How did it go?
What pretty clothes!
These are the clothes worn by the miss of the family of this high official and noble person.
It's different from ours.
Xi Hulu.
You stayed by Sir's side for this long.
You must know a lot about him.
-Let me ask you a question.
-Go ahead.
Before the Lord came to Tongling.
Has he never cared about his marriage,
Furthermore, he had never been disobedient
To his parents, the lord and madame.
Then this is all Advisor Tan's fault.
If we didn't have her,
the Lord can be anyones.
Right?
[Boundless]
[Arrangement ClsQ]
[Rocket Girls 101 Lai Meiyun, R1SE Zhao Lei]
♫ The overnight spring breeze, as I go out into the world, hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫  The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets, I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon?  ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ A single flourishing blossom tree is hazier after being hit by the rain ♫
♫ A lonely lit lamp reflects onto the paper window endlessly ♫
♫ Endlessly, it cannot end, this spring flower ♫
♫ Seeing the dried up vines and hearing the winters crows, too busy to rest ♫
♫ A stream of west wind, welcomes Tusu (wine), in pursuit ♫
♫ In pursuit of the four seasons, the oceans, but I hesitate ♫
♫ When the brush stops, the wind stops, sleep stops ♫
♫ The long journey home ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫>
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫